DropDownBox: dataSource does not support a hierarchical data source T… (#4183)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDropDownBox/1 Configuration/dataSource.md

default: null
---
#include common-dataSource-description with {

>     widget_works_with: "The DropDownBox works with collections of objects or `string`, `number`, or `boolean` values. The component does not support a hierarchical data source. ",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    widget_works_with: "The DropDownBox works with collections of objects or `string`, `number`, or `boolean` values. The component does not support hierarchical data sources. ",
```
